---
title: What We Do - Strategic Data
page-name: what
page-title: What We Do
layout: full
---

<img class="img-responsive pull-right" src="/img/SD-web-diagram-draft-1.png"
alt="Strategic Planning and Solution Delivery Process "> Strategic Data
provides end-to-end data collection and management services. We work with
clients to conceptualise, design and implement solutions.

### Strategic planning

Our approach to strategic planning has two stages:

#### 1. Define the problem

Accurately identifying your data issues is the first vital step in any change
or improvement project.

*Development projects:* We partner with you to gain a comprehensive
understanding of your issues, and determine a solution approach that best fits
your needs.

*Existing processes:* We identify opportunities to refine and improve your
existing data processes, including re-platforming, and developing online and
mobile solutions.

#### 2. Define the solution

Once the opportunity has been identified, we articulate and prioritise steps
towards the ideal, creating a strategic plan that takes into account your
organisational plans, market conditions, budgets, and emerging technologies.

### Solution delivery

With the strategic work complete, skilled members of the Strategic Data team
lead the 3-stage project implementation process.

#### 1.	Build phase

From rapid application development to *<span style="color:#900">something else
impressive</span>*, our technical team builds solutions that work. We manage
project implementation and liaise regularly with your business and technical
staff to make sure we're on track for the whole ride.

#### 2.	Hosting

Because we host the client solutions we develop, we take great care to ensure
everything is built with best-practice quality and efficiency. Strategic Data
believes in real partnerships with our clients; we take responsibility for our
work, and the secure systems that house it.

#### 3.	Support

Support is more than simply fixing software glitches. At Strategic Data, we
monitor the performance of our client solutions and help identify improvements
and efficiencies. We stake our business on the quality of our staff, systems
and project implementations, ensuring you realise the full potential of your
data.
